# ch01

## 19

> What is the difference between the following two lines? Which one will give alarger value? Will this be the case for other texts?
> \>\> sorted(set([w.lower() for w in text1]))
> \>\> sorted([w.lower() for w in set(text1)])

The first one will give larger value, because the outer `set()` will drop more possible values.

Say, if `Word` and `word` are both in `text1`, the outer `set()` will only keep one `word` in the result, but the inner `set()` will keep both, generating two `word` finally.

## 20

> What is the difference between the following two tests: `w.isupper()` and `notw.islower()`?

`isupper()` checks if the string only contains alphabetical characters, and all the characters are in upper case. `not islower()` checks if the string contains non-alphabetical words, **or** not all in lower case. See the examples below:

```python
'AA'.isupper()		# True
'Ab'.isupper()		# False
'中文'.isupper()		# False
not 'AA'.islower()	# True
not 'Ab'.islower()	# True
not '中文'.islower()	# True
```

## 26

> What does the following Python code do? `sum([len(w) for w in text1])` Canyou use it to work out the average word length of a text?

```python
sum([len(w) for w in text1])
```

```
999044
```

It sums up the length of each word in `text1`.

To calculate the average of word length:

```python
sum([len(w) for w in text1]) / len(text1)
```

This gives `3.830411128023649`.

## 29

> We have been using sets to store vocabularies. Try the following Python expression: `set(sent3) < set(text1)`. Experiment with this using different arguments to `set()`. What does it do? Can you think of a practical application for this?

The `<` operator of `set` is to check if one set is a subset of the other.



